stay here stay stay don't go no here's
to present the award for international
breakthrough is a lady or not recognized
as incomparable holds that Britain's Got
the pop factor but possibly noose over
to Jesus trash sought star superstar
Strickland eyes
she's the only cat that doesn't give me
itchy eyes in the neck rash hey it is a
wonderful Cat Deeley
nothing nothing nothing um hello good
evening
and I know that the Brits is where
you're made to be outspoken and
controversial but I'm not going to do
either of those things I'm just gonna
say it's lovely being home and apart
from that you my friend nothing nothing
nothing
either of us okay okay the nominees for
international breakthrough are NTV
viewers wanted the boat for
international breakthrough acts
who's the winner
lady gaga
and a wall collective
you Merriweather
Empire of the Sun
or Taylor Swift
okay and the winner is
okay I can tell you that one of her
first major TVs are in the US was so you
thinking and and I'm delighted it's Lady
gaga
thank you thank you so so much I love my
fans thank you my fans in the UK thank
you thank you so much to my manager Troy
and to Vincent Herbert and to Lucien and
and Ferdie and Karen and Joe thank you
so much i I can't tell you how much this
means to me
I I can't give her you are the most
wonderful fans in the whole world and
thank you to my family and my sister and
Jurgen and Martin Kirsten balan thank
you for believing in me thank you so
much for believing me I'll always
believe in you and thank you to Lee
McQueen